p/p63.md, before:

# Problem 63

We define a complete binary tree with height H as a tree where:
* levels 1,...,H-1 contain the maximum number of nodes, 
* and in level H all the nodes are "left-adjusted". 

## Example
```elm
completeTree 4 'x' == 
Tree 'x' (Tree 'x' (Tree 'x' Empty Empty) Empty) (Tree 'x' Empty Empty)

```

#Unit Test
```elm
import Html
import List


type Tree a
    = Empty
    | Node a (Tree a) (Tree a)
    

completeTree : a -> Int -> Tree a
completeTree v n =
    -- your implementation here
    Empty


main =
    Html.text
        (if (test) then
            "Your implementation passed all tests."
         else
            "Your implementation failed at least one test."
        )


test : Bool
test =
    List.all ((==) True)
        [ completeTree 'x' 0 == Empty
        , completeTree 'x' 1 == Node 'x' Empty Empty
        , completeTree 'x' 3 == (Node 'x' (Node 'x' Empty Empty) (Node 'x' Empty Empty))
        , completeTree 'x' 5 == (Node 'x' 
                                    (Node 'x' (Node 'x' Empty Empty) (Node 'x' Empty Empty)) 
                                    (Node 'x' Empty Empty))
        ]
        

```

## Hints
Heaps commonly use complete binary trees as data structures or addressing schemes. We can assign an address to each node in a complete binary tree by enumerating the nodes in level-order starting at the root with number 1. For every node ```X``` with address ```A``` the following holds: The address of ```X```'s left and right successors are ```2*A``` and ```2*A+1```, respectively, if they exist. This fact can be used to elegantly construct a complete binary tree structure.

## Solutions
[Solutions](../s/s63.md)

Commit message:

Fixed description, example and header
The description is unclear (or even non-existent) and the term used in the field is left justified rather than left adjusted, as far as I know.

p/p63.md, after:

# Problem 63

We define a left-justified, complete binary tree with height H as a tree where:
* levels 1,...,H-1 contain the maximum number of nodes,
* and in level H all the nodes are "left-justified", that is, as far to the left is possible.

Construct such a complete tree of unknown height, with `n` nodes containing `v` as label.

## Example for `v='x'` and `n=4`:
```elm
completeTree 'x' 4 == 
Node 'x' (Node 'x' (Node 'x' Empty Empty) Empty) (Node 'x' Empty Empty)

```

## Unit Test
```elm
import Html
import List


type Tree a
    = Empty
    | Node a (Tree a) (Tree a)
    

completeTree : a -> Int -> Tree a
completeTree v n =
    -- your implementation here
    Empty


main =
    Html.text
        (if (test) then
            "Your implementation passed all tests."
         else
            "Your implementation failed at least one test."
        )


test : Bool
test =
    List.all ((==) True)
        [ completeTree 'x' 0 == Empty
        , completeTree 'x' 1 == Node 'x' Empty Empty
        , completeTree 'x' 3 == (Node 'x' (Node 'x' Empty Empty) (Node 'x' Empty Empty))
        , completeTree 'x' 5 == (Node 'x' 
                                    (Node 'x' (Node 'x' Empty Empty) (Node 'x' Empty Empty)) 
                                    (Node 'x' Empty Empty))
        ]
        

```

## Hints
Heaps commonly use complete binary trees as data structures or addressing schemes. We can assign an address to each node in a complete binary tree by enumerating the nodes in level-order starting at the root with number 1. For every node ```X``` with address ```A``` the following holds: The address of ```X```'s left and right successors are ```2*A``` and ```2*A+1```, respectively, if they exist. This fact can be used to elegantly construct a complete binary tree structure.

## Solutions
[Solutions](../s/s63.md)
